

CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS books(id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY NOT NULL, author VARCHAR(256) NOT NULL, title VARCHAR(256) NOT NULL, isbn text NOT NULL, image_url text NOT NULL, description text NOT NULL;

SELECT * FROM books

INSERT INTO books(author, title, isbn, image_url, description) VALUES('Patrick Rothfuss', 'The Name of the Wind', 'ISBN_13 9780575087057', 'https://books.google.com/books/content?id=BcG2dVRXKukC&printsec=frontcover&img=1&zoom=5&source=gbs_api', 'I have stolen princesses back from sleeping barrow kings. I burned down the town of Trebon. I have spent the night with Felurian and left with both my sanity and my life. I was expelled from the University at a younger age than most people are allowed in. I tread paths by moonlight that others fear to speak of during day. I have talked to Gods, loved women, and written songs that make the minstrels weep. My name is Kvothe. You may have heard of me. So begins the tale of Kvothe - currently known as Kote, the unassuming innkeepter - from his childhood in a troupe of traveling players, through his years spent as a near-feral orphan in a crime-riddled city, to his daringly brazen yet successful bid to enter a difficult and dangerous school of magic. In these pages you will come to know Kvothe the notorious magician, the accomplished thief, the masterful musician, the dragon-slayer, the legend-hunter, the lover, the thief and the infamous assassin. The Name of the Wind is fantasy at its very best, and an astounding must-read title.');